it's over they're all gone
thank it's time it's time you say what
happened
[Music]
BRIC wants you to meet my cousin Russell
Bufalino better watch there's a lot of
tough guys around here did he tell you
I'm not afraid of crazy real I think so
I was one of a thousand working stiffs I
thought I wasn't no more you got a good
friend here you don't know how good a
friend you got Russell he took a shine
to me right away after a while he
started giving me little things to do
[Music]
I know you read a lot of things about me
I just want to say I'm sorry
I know I wasn't a good dad I know that I
know that I was just trying to protect
all use from what you didn't see what I
see what I've been through a friend of
ours is having a little trouble friend
at the top I your friend
this is Jimmy Hoffa glad to meet you you
want to be a part of this fight a part
of this history whatever you need me to
do I'm available
only three people in the world and one
of these and only one of them is Irish
now strong I made you I know things they
don't know why no he said that you sure
he said that I'm worried
nobody threatens Hoffa I got records I
got tapes they're done
I had to put you into steps or later
everybody put her as a date but he's
gonna go
I know how you feel fine trust me
I not useful so we'll bring you back
after get you car
yeah
[Music]